docs(design): add latency definition, records service and visualization (#106)
tier4/CARET_doc: docs/design/latency_definitions/index.md

# Latency definition

CARET mainly measures the following

- Callback latency
- Communication latency
- Node latency
- Path latency

The simplified sequence diagram shown below illustrates each definition.

![Latency overview](../../imgs/latency_overview.png)

Here, the horizontal axis represents time and the vertical axis represents layers.
The red line represents message flow.
A message is received in the subscription callback and the processed data is published to the next node.
In this way, information is propagated from the sensor node to the actuator node.

> CARET measures the following three main locations for latency calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CARET samples events for latency calculation. The following three items are main types of the events.
```

Author: addressed in: [b104708](https://github.com/tier4/CARET_doc/pull/106/commits/b104708b0378c76f80d2ba457892ff9ad0dbfdc4)

- Callback start
- Callback end
- Publish

> Latency is calculated by calculating the time difference required for each measurement section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Difference of timestamp between two events are corresponded to latency.
```

Author: addressed in: [b104708](https://github.com/tier4/CARET_doc/pull/106/commits/b104708b0378c76f80d2ba457892ff9ad0dbfdc4)

For a more detailed definition, see

- [Callback](./callback.md)
- [Communication](./communication.md)
- [Node](./node.md)
- [Path](./path.md)

> CARET can also check other time series data on the Publish side as well.

Reviewer: @hsgwa  I somehow the structure of this section.

```suggestion
CARET is capable of delivering data set of latency whose format is time series.
```

> CARET can also check other time series data on the Publish side as well.

Author: addressed in: [b104708](https://github.com/tier4/CARET_doc/pull/106/commits/b104708b0378c76f80d2ba457892ff9ad0dbfdc4)

> All the objects for which time series data can be obtained are listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the objects for which CARET retrieve latency are listed below
```

Author: addressed in: [b104708](https://github.com/tier4/CARET_doc/pull/106/commits/b104708b0378c76f80d2ba457892ff9ad0dbfdc4)

| Target                              | Configuration required? |
| ----------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
| [Path](./path.md)                   | Yes                     |

> | [NodePath](./node.md)               | Yes                     |

Reviewer 2: Why NodePath instead of Node?

participant DDS
participant LTTng

== Publisher Side ==

activate ROS2
activate UserCode
UserCode -> ROS2: publish()
activate ROS2
ROS2 -> LTTng: [rclcpp_publish] \n[rclcpp_intra_publish]

ROS2 -> DDS: dds_write()
deactivate ROS2
activate DDS
DDS -> LTTng: [dds_write]

UserCode -> ROS2 : callback_end
deactivate UserCode
deactivate ROS2
deactivate DDS

== Subscription Side ==

UserCode -> ROS2 : spin()
activate DDS
activate ROS2

loop
    ROS2 -> ROS2 : wait until next event
    activate ROS2
    DDS -> ROS2: <notify> on_data_available
    ROS2 -> LTTng : [on_data_available]
    deactivate ROS2

    deactivate DDS
    ROS2 -> DDS : reset ready-set, take messages
    activate DDS
    DDS -> ROS2
    deactivate DDS

    group execute timer callbacks
    end

    group execute subscription callbacks
        ROS2 -> LTTng: [callback_start]
        ROS2 -> UserCode: callback start
        activate UserCode
        UserCode -> ROS2: callback end
        deactivate UserCode
        ROS2 -> LTTng: [callback_end]
    end

    group execute service callbacks
    end

    group execute client callbacks
    end
end

deactivate ROS2
@enduml
```

Here, each element indicates the following

> - UseCode is a callback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UserCode is a callback
```

Author: fixed in :[b104708](https://github.com/tier4/CARET_doc/pull/106/commits/b104708b0378c76f80d2ba457892ff9ad0dbfdc4)

# Latency definition

CARET mainly measures the following

- Callback latency
- Communication latency
- Node latency
- Path latency

The simplified sequence diagram shown below illustrates each definition.

![Latency overview](../../imgs/latency_overview.png)

Here, the horizontal axis represents time and the vertical axis represents layers.
The red line represents message flow.
A message is received in the subscription callback and the processed data is published to the next node.
In this way, information is propagated from the sensor node to the actuator node.

CARET samples events for latency calculation. The following three items are main types of the events.

- Callback start
- Callback end
- Publish

Difference of timestamp between two events are corresponded to latency.

For a more detailed definition, see

- [Callback](./callback.md)
- [Communication](./communication.md)
- [Node](./node.md)
- [Path](./path.md)

CARET provides time series data of events through Python objects.
Time series data can be retrieved with the Python objects which have to_dataframe API.

> All objects capable of retrieving time-series data are listed below.

Reviewer: I'm sorry, but I took a simple mistake.

```suggestion
All objects are capable of retrieving time-series data are listed below.
```

Author: addressed
